I love sushi I love it so much and after
years of eating it I decided to teach
myself how to make it and now I want to
teach you so please enjoy these video
tutorials on how to make western-style
sushi please rate and comment today I'm
going to show you how to make a spicy
tuna roll with cucumber and toasted
sesame seeds on the outside so let's
start off with the yellowfin tuna I get
this previously frozen at sea
Sall it out it comes in its own vacuum
packed back you can get a steak or you
can get a loin like this and then I take
the pieces that I have left over from
making sushi sashimi and just give it a
rough chop like you see here and then I
add the Sriracha hot sauce inside this
world we're also gonna add nice fresh
crisp cucumber slices they add a nice
coolness and a crunch to the roll and
then on top we'll have toasted sesame
seeds and I also like to add in for
presentation purposes some of the black
seeds as well
and to start off we're gonna have a half
a sheet of nori seaweed and a palm full
oh so she prepared rice and gently with
wet hands pressed that out to the edge
we'll sprinkle some of our toasted
sesame seeds on and then also our black
ones I like doing it at this stage
because you get it on the whole roll it
really gives a nice presentation effect
sometimes all the way to the end but to
be really thorough get a nice even coat
of of sesame seeds on the outside do it
when it's flat and this we're gonna add
in the spicy tuna now the big thing here
is you want to get a uniform amount so
the rolls consistent sometimes it's
easier said than done especially when
you go and roll it up but you want to
try the best you can to get a nice even
layer of the spicy tuna and next we're
going to add in the cucumber slices like
I said it really mellows it out a bit
and gives it a nice crunch a nice
crispness in the roll now holding that
filling down with my fingers I'm going
to press it down and then fold it over
just a little bit more to seal it look
how nice that is with the toasted sesame
seeds and black sesame seeds on top now
I'm using a wet serrated knife to cut
the roll in half and once you cut the
roll in half line it up again and then
cut that in half again make sure you
clean your knife off in between cuts
have a wet terry cloth towel there just
to wipe it off and next we're going to
plate our spicy tuna roll now you can
add some mayonnaise in there maybe some
toasted sesame seed or some masago in
the tuna to make it a little different
and here I have a rectangle plate that
has a smaller reservoir where I put the
wasabi pickled ginger and the spicy
mayonnaise for the roll that's a really
nice look and presentation
I hope you enjoyed this video tutorial
on how to make a spicy tuna roll with
cucumbers and toasted sesame seeds on
the outside please rate and comment and
enjoy the sushi